Added Introduction.md (#202)
firedancer-io/firedancer: Introduction.md

 # What is Firedancer?

> - **[Firedancer](https://jumpcrypto.com/firedancer/) is a node implementation written in C for the solana blockchain**. It will be the second full node implementation of Solana with the comping up Light Client Tinydancer. Firedancer will diversify the client stack and make the network more resilient as if there is an bug in the original rust node that halts the validators from producing blocks and coming to a consensus, validators running FD will keep the network secure and stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Firedancer](https://jumpcrypto.com/firedancer/) is a validator node implementation written in C for the Solana blockchain**. Firedancer's core goals are:
- **Increased client diversity:** Firedancer will be the second fully-compliant Solana validator client. Diversity of client implementations makes the network more resilient to bugs in any one client implementation. 
- **Reliability:** Firedancer is being built from the ground up with reliability and network uptime in mind. 
- **Modularity:** Each major component of Firedancer is built to be used independently (or as independently as reasonable). This makes future feature development simple and maintainable. 
- **Perfomance:** The Firedancer validator will be faster than the Solana client and will make the network faster and more efficienet as a whole. Firedancer will be more efficient with system resources (CPU, RAM, disk space) while being faster than the Solana client.

> - **[Firedancer](https://jumpcrypto.com/firedancer/) is a node implementation written in C for the solana blockchain**. It will be the second full node implementation of Solana with the comping up Light Client Tinydancer. Firedancer will diversify the client stack and make the network more resilient as if there is an bug in the original rust node that halts the validators from producing blocks and coming to a consensus, validators running FD will keep the network secure and stable.

Author: Gotcha, wdyt think If add some general info about light clients?

- ---
# Why Another Validator?
Firedancer will be solving some of the problems which solana as a network and community is trying to Solve.

> 1. **Compute Fee and gas fee estimatation** -> Firedancers new and better blockpackaging algorithm does a lot better predicting the amount of Compute units used in a specific trnsaction making it easier for validators to choose which ones to include in the next block.When taken it makes 3 times less mistakes in predicting the CUs used. ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88841339/224479879-466202fb-d085-4c93-beb6-22d6c3885a44.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Compute Fee and gas fee estimation:** Firedancer's new and better block-packing algorithm is superior at predicting the number of compute units (CUs) used in a specific transaction. This makes it easier for validators to choose which transactions to include in the next block. ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88841339/224479879-466202fb-d085-4c93-beb6-22d6c3885a44.png)
```

2. **Robustness**:When the validators are unable to reach consesnus and verify a transaction leading to a fork and downtime. One of the biggest memes floating around about Solana is its downtime, though it was a design tradeoff for it being the most performant blockchain, downtimes lead to a lot of different issues like liquidity, validator restarts etc which are mostly casued by small bugs in the updates in the core client code. 

> When there are 2 client implementations and one of them faces a bug, the nodes running the bug free code will continue processing transactions to which the other nodes could sync to later. 

Reviewer: You can remove this as it is mentioned up above

Author: I think it still gives a better overview of the upper line, wdyt?

		
 # How?
 Firedancer has 3 high level Components which are modular and can be replaced with the components of Old Solana validator making it like different  components being stitched together while also writing a better documentation of the original validator client
- Components->
	- 	Packet Ingress
	- 	Runtime
	- 	Consensus

>  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88841339/224098753-4a62136a-aad7-4343-89b0-f8c0fd45a990.png)

Reviewer: We will need to rewrite this cause its not accurate to the direction we are heading in.

Author: oh gotcha, btw I head kevin explain fd in the community call and he said yu folks were making components and sewing  it up to the old validator so thought this was accurate.
Feel free to edit

- # Why C?

> 	- When Building something like Firedancer which could potentially be run on thousands of machines, the code has to be efficient. C allows were tight integration with the hardware and make it allow developers a lot of flexibility in the ability to manage compute resources. [Here Josh Siegel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9efhIs37hVI) one of the core builders of Firedancer explain in depth and practical demo on "why C"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- When Building something like Firedancer which could potentially be run on thousands of machines, the code has to be efficient. C allows developers to write code which is tightly integrated with the hardware. C provides maximal flexibility to the developer in managing compute resources. [In this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9efhIs37hVI), Josh Siegel, one of the core contributors to Firedancer, explains in depth "why C?" for Firedancer, giving a practical demo to assist in the explanation.
```

> - # Block propagation in Firedancer

Reviewer: I can write something else up here later.

	- ![Image](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FmSWXByXwAAD1oH?format=jpg&name=4096x4096)

---
	

> ### Wanna Learn more about firedancer? make sure to check out the [announcement](https://jumpcrypto.com/jump-vs-the-speed-of-light/) and the breakpoint talks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### More Information 
Links:
- [Announcement blog post](https://jumpcrypto.com/jump-vs-the-speed-of-light/)
```

- Breakpoint Talks by the legend KFB -> [General overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dh6Yn2Odyr4)

	- [Deep Dive and first demo ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF-7duYCK54)
	
	- [Second Demo during the solana community call ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFS7MY4spBE)
			[The slides]
	- Link to the resentations ->
		- [Deep Dive](https://jump-assets.storage.googleapis.com/2022-11-06-bowers-et-al-deep-dive-final-embed-public.pdf)

> 		- [Intros](https://jump-assets.storage.googleapis.com/2022-11-05-bowers-et-al-hold-me-closer-frankendancer-breakpoint-2022-final-embed-public.pdf)

Reviewer: I will reformat these but have to run offline.

Author: It looked pretty good when opened in obsidian, wish github had a better markdown viewer

> 2. **Robustness**:When the validators are unable to reach consesnus and verify a transaction leading to a fork and downtime. One of the biggest memes floating around about Solana is its downtime, though it was a design tradeoff for it being the most performant blockchain, downtimes lead to a lot of different issues like liquidity, validator restarts etc which are mostly casued by small bugs in the updates in the core client code. 

Reviewer 2: Memes...

Reviewer 2: "its downtime, though it was a design tradeoff ???

This seems invalid.

When there are 2 client implementations and one of them faces a bug, the nodes running the bug free code will continue processing transactions to which the other nodes could sync to later. 

> 	- You can also read how [multi-client architecutre](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/03/31/zkmulticlient.html) is one of the most crucial parts of the decentralization philosphy. 

Reviewer 2: Why would you reference "blog articles" related to the technically most faulty and under-performing blockchain?
